# Overview 
One of the biggest winners of the COVID-19 crisis was the video game industry, as people turn to games during the lockout to bridge the time gap. According to Newzoo Global Games Market Report 2021; “the games market will grow with a healthy Compound Annual Growth Rate (2019 to 2024) of +8.7% to reach $218.7 billion in 2024”. Add to that, more player growth is imminent, Newzoo has reported an impressive rate of +5.4% from 2020 to 2021. Today, it has become obvious that GAMING is the future, and many companies and investors have already understood it and started investing in it massively.
Halfway this immense gaming industry growth, __the first-person shooter (FPS) games__ are found on the top of the list. FPS is a video game centered on gun and other weapon-based combat in a first-person perspective, with player experiencing the action through the eyes of the protagonist and controlling the player character in a three-dimensional space.  FPS games were the most commercially viable video game genre in 2016, and shooters accounted for over __27%__ of all video game sales. Today, FPS games generate more than __50% of all video game revenues!__ 
On the light of the gaming outbreak, and as real GAMERS and CRYPTO industry enthusiasts, we decided to join this incredible journey by creating an __ALL-IN-ONE gaming cryptocurrency__. We brought FPSCOIN into existence, to address all gamers and gaming fans concerns and needs, by proposing a range of complete, practical, and innovative solutions to every issue. But that is not all, FPSCOIN project aims as well to offer a unique experience of FUN and REWARD to its community. Our motto is __HODL, PLAY, EARN!__
We are taking the gaming sector to the next level; FPSCOIN spaceship is taking off 🚀. So, hurry-up and [join us in our trip to the moon RIGHT NOW😉!!](https://linktr.ee/FPS_COIN)
# What's FPSCOIN?
As real gamers and crypto industry experts and enthusiasts, we have come to realize that there was a need for a platform that combines and fulfills the growing needs of the two worlds GAMING & CRYPTO. 
Therefore, we created FPSCOIN, as an all-in-one gaming platform. FPSCOIN is based on a hyper-deflationary coin available on the Ethereum blockchain, built with a unique smart staking system, and transactions are governed by a smart contract, running on the ERC20 Network.
Our vision consists of building a legit project that can, on one hand; provide a complete, multi-features, fun and community friendly environment, and on the other hand; preserve the crypto real values of security, transparency, flexibility, true investment, and rewards.
FPSCOIN is more than a simple token to trade; it is a full ecosystem based on multiple features: __tournament platform, gaming social network app, NFTs marketplace, charity participation asset__ and more other features are under study. FPSCOIN is also dedicated for everyone: gamers, gaming fans, content creators, digital artists, cryptocurrency investors. Etc.  And because is it vital for us to be visible and accessible worldwide; we have built solid marketing and development strategies to promote continuous growth and quick adaptation to the gaming sector changes.
# Problem scope
No one can deny the multiple advantages of cryptocurrencies, along with all the economic benefits; blockchains offer decentralized systems, where exchanges and transactions have never been faster, more transparent, or more efficient. All while maintaining users' anonymity and payment freedom. However, such as any great modern technology or invention, it comes with its own downsizes, cryptocurrencies are no exception!
FPSCOIN developers' purpose is to bring to crypto community the best quality as possible, so we went digging and investigating every possible problem concerning today’s cryptocurrencies projects. We refer to problems such as price volatility, payment security, pumping and dumping, huge price impact, scamming, lack of purpose and values toward community and absence of transparency ... etc. 
We have committed to bring up consistent solutions for all and each of these issues. FPSCOIN is here today to bring back the real values of CRYPTO investment, and to offer community and true investors a __unique & legit all-in-one gaming cryptocurrency.__
## Dumping & price impact
Let us be clear, 99.9% of new tokens today are facing the Pumping&Dumping, this phenomenon occurs when the first buyers sell as soon as their investment has been doubled or tripled, which creates a massive impact on price since the first days of the listing. Therefore, hundreds or even thousands of euros/dollars drain in a record time, and these ‘fake investors’ generate big and quick profit at the expense of loyal holders. 
__Pumping&dumping__ phenomena can happen because of BOTS or incredibly early sellers. BOTS track weak spots of new cryptocurrency projects in the market, then they take over it. They purchase huge assets when its price is low, and immediately sell everything out again in fraction of seconds. 
As a result, the value of the attacked coin drops low drastically. The same effect is created by early sellers when they purchase a certain number of tokens and sells them right away, in no time. This operation does not only drop the coin’s financial value, but it also shows a lack of trust in the project and discourage real investors and true holders. 
Another liable scenario to induce volatility and __price impact__, is when someone with huge wallets for instance, decides to suddenly sell out giant shares. And again, the token value drops dramatically, exactly like in the other explained situations above. This price impact problem puts other holders at serious disadvantage, especially if the project developers did not conceive any mechanism to rule out such a drop. 
How easy has it been to provoke several types of immeasurable bulls and runs on so many cryptocurrencies' victims and destroy many projects’ values from their launch? 
## Insecurity and hackers' threats
Cyber security threats have been in existence since the beginning of the internet and occur daily using sophisticated means. Organized hackers are targeting exchanges to extract lucrative amounts of wealth. A record number of 19 crypto exchanges were compromised by hackers in 2019 alone. Furthermore, based on the research done by Atlas VPN, there have been more than 122 major hacks, and a total of $3.8B has been stolen in 2020 alone. 
This constant hacking of core crypto platforms is hurting the crypto world. And since DeFi are growing every day and cryptocurrencies are becoming regulated and are going from a niche investment to a mainstream asset held by millions of consumers, hackers will become more incentivized to attack more than ever before. 
# FPSCOIN Solutions
Enough talking about problems! Now, what are the solutions, and what has FPSCOIN of special to remedy these issues and threats?
After deep analysis and studying of every scenario related to severe impact on cryptocurrencies values, defrauding and hacking attacks, whether it is on purpose or out of lack of awareness, FPSCOIN brought up to its community, ingenious and simple solutions to face all and every issue.
## Anti-Pump&Dump mechanism
With FPSCOIN, Pumping&Dumping phenomenon is now outdated. Up till today the most applied solution to stop BOTs is the implementation of an anti-bot system, i.e., the purchase would be impossible if the system detects that it is made by a BOT. 
As you may have guessed, always detecting BOTs, might seem exceedingly difficult and maybe impossible, since BOTs also use very advanced techniques to get past this barrier and become able again to buy and sell in fractions of a second.
To address this concern, FPSCOIN developers have inaugurated a simple and basic solution. So, whenever a BOT buys and sells in the same instant or day, it is immediately taxed up to 70% of the purchase’s value. Same taxation logic is also applied on ‘early seller’ when they try to sell their coins very quickly after their purchase. 
By now, you imagine how penalizing Pumping&Dumping is for last buyers and remaining holders! Therefore, our taxation system, makes massive and early sells __no more attractive nor profitable__, it protects our investors no matter when they buy, and it erases every possibility of taking advantage to the detriment of true holders who have put their trust in our project and believe in our purposes and values. 
## Anti-Price impact mechanism
Cryptocurrency value is highly volatile, and it is never predictable, FPSCOIN mechanisms was designed to master, a maximum of price instability factors. Therefore, we don’t only stop at discouraging BOTs and rushed sells, but we have also conceived an __anti-price mechanism__ that prevent sudden price drops, caused by any eventual huge sell made at the same instant.
Selling huge assets of a coin at once has a strong impact on the total liquidity pool, especially if the seller in question, has huge shares of the total wallet. Consequently, the token’s value drops down and penalizes all remaining holders. 
To explain it more, our mechanism doesn’t forbid selling! it only prevents severe damage on remaining holders if an enormous share of the coin is suddenly retrieved at once. So, be assured that, whether you are among first or last buyers, you will always be __protected from huge price impact__, plus you will be __highly rewarded__ if you are a true __HOLDER!__
## UP to 25% redistribution rate to Holders
Rewarding true holders is an asset to our project, have you ever imagined investing in a token and getting up to 25% of every sale just by holding it?! With FPSCOIN for each made sell of the coin; up to 25% of the sell’s value is afterwards redistributed equally to the remaining holders! To illustrate; sellers who sell their token within 12Hours of their purchase date will be taxed very heavily and a huge amount of this tax will go directly to other Holders.
Moreover, we have deployed a strategy of doxing to ensure a maximum price stability, including FPSCOIN team’s wallet. (See more about taxes redistribution in Token economic chapter)
## Anti-fraud strategies, & transparency
As a team of experienced professionals, as well as Cryptocurrency experts and developers, we are dedicated into making FPSCOIN accessible and specifically safe. Therefore, we had integrated “$LSS” Protocol to protect our token and our launching. “$LSS” protocol is governed by #Lossless the first #DeFi hack mitigation tool for token creators. Our smart Contract is then capable of __freezing any fraudulent transaction__ based on a set of fraud identification parameters and reversing stolen funds in case of any Hack. [Click here to Learn more about #Lossless and $ LSS protocol](https://lossless-cash.gitbook.io/lossless/)
To empower our most valuable criteria, which is __safety and security__; the ownership of our contract will be renounced, and the liquidity will be locked by our third party and cooperative company Lossless. Moreover, our smart contract will be __audited by at least 2 trusted companies__ to ensure safety for our investors. 
And because FPSCOIN welcomes every trader and investor including beginners, we make sure to constantly __rise awareness__ among members of our community to keep them protected from major bullish uptick by __spreading news and announcement__ in all our social platforms and by being always available to answer our community questions. 
# FPS TOURNAMENT
What’s more entertaining than a tournament to prove who’s the best?
As gamers, we always wanted to organize tournaments with friends or new people, but we always faced the same questions and issues. We couldn’t find a simple, safe, and fun tool to create tournaments. And even by organizing it some way, we faced safety issues and no way to make sure that every participant pays it contribution and no way to ensure that winners will receive their money. In addition to all this, there are a lot of intermediaries and fees for banks, organizations, and exchange.
We created FPSTOURNAMENT to resolve all those issues; It’s a platform that will allow players to set up tournaments in every shooting game they want (Call of Duty, Fortnite, Warzone, Apex, Counter strike, PUBG, …), invite friends or new people to play with and feel at home. 
FPSTOURNAMENT is a complete innovation; it will be the first website platform allowing to create game tournament and what makes it even more innovative is it simplicity of use: You can create or join a tournament, invite gamers, and set up prizes very easily and instantly. So, you can concentrate on the most important, which is having fun and proving you’re the best. All biggest platforms will be supported on FPSTOURNAMENT (PlayStation, Xbox, Switch, PC, Smartphone/Tablets …)






